Documentation: Make our policy for copied example code clear and visible. (#5114)
github/codeql: cpp/ql/test/README.md

# C/C++ CodeQL tests

> This document provides additional information about the C/C++ CodeQL Tests located in `cpp/ql/test`.  The principles under 'Copying code' also apply to any other C/C++ code in this repository, such as examples linked from query `.qhelp` files in `cpp/ql/src`.  See [Contributing to CodeQL](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more general information about contributing to this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides additional information about the C/C++ CodeQL tests located in `cpp/ql/test`.  The principles under "Copying code", below, also apply to any other C/C++ code in this repository, such as examples linked from query `.qhelp` files in `cpp/ql/src`.  For more general information about contributing to this repository, see [Contributing to CodeQL](/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
